a new health risk for Palestinians in
Gaza authorities say the polio virus has
been detected in searage and
contaminated
[Applause]
water waste water flows freely between
tents and over crowded camps avoiding
the polluted areas is nearly
impossible we are begging for help we
are begging to be saved from the sewers
people are locked in their homes and
can't go out there are mosquitoes sewage
fly and
rubbish Israeli attacks have caused
extensive damage to Gaza storage systems
desalination of plants and water supply
networks even before October the 7th
Palestinians did not have enough to
clean water relying on Aid agencies and
the UN for daily deliveries a lack of a
fuel to operate generators has only made
things
worse polio is uh transmitted through
the fecal or oral rout normally if you
have a case of polio you're going to is
at them you're going to make sure that
they use a bathroom that nobody else
uses that they're not in close proximity
to other people that's
impossible piles of running rubbish fill
the streets Municipal Services a ground
to a halt in the early days of the war
the UN has documented hundreds of
thousand of cases of skin infections and
diarrhea we're forced to live with flies
chest pains hepatitis C and other
diseases we're suffering a lot Israel
has a started vaccinating its soldiers
in Gaza to protect them against the
virus which can cause deformities and
paralysis Palestinians have a few
options most hospitals have been forced
to close those are still able to offer
services are underresourced
no one is supporting us here in can
Unice the smell is killing us we can't
sleep we can't eat we can't
drink many Palestinians here say are
exhausted tired of moving from one
temporary shelter to another of being
hungry and waiting in fear for the next
attack and now they also worried about
the spread of diseases Han Mahmud Al
jaaz from the central area of the Gaza
Strip
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer